use vim as your personal wiki using dokuwiki syntax

if you don't know how to see the folded texts below
enter ''zR'' to open all foldings!

=====Intro=====

with this plugin you can use vim your wiki. the plugin uses dokuwiki syntax
highlithing systen so you can use it for your personal dokuwiki pages


=====Usage=====

====Options====

before using this plugin setup some important options.
if you want to change the default value add these lines to your vimrc file

===g:dokuwiki_index===

<code vim>
let g:dokuwiki_index = "~/.vim/wiki/start.txt"
</code>

this is the index file in your wiki (**should be file not dir**) what should i say?

===g:dokuwiki_inline_highlight===

<code vim>
let g:dokuwiki_inline_highlight = ['vim', 'c', 'python']
" DEFAULT : vim
</code>

dokuwiki plugin supports highlighting inline code inside wiki pages but you
should set active languages with this option. 
I could add all supported langs but it would take a long startup time

===g:dokuwiki_file_browser_plugin===

<code vim>
let g:dokuwiki_file_browser_plugin = 'NERDTree'
</code>

you should use an external file browser plugin to see files in your wiki
I recommend using Nerd Tree
  * [[www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658|NerdTree]]


===g:dokuwiki_enable_fold===

<code vim>
let g:dokuwiki_enable_fold = 1
</code>

dokuwiki has an internal function to fold page using heading levels.
if you want to deactivate it set it to 0

===g:dokuwiki_enable_fold_code===

<code vim>
let g:dokuwiki_enable_fold_code = 0
</code>

the folding function doesn't fold the %%<code></code>%% sections.
if you want to fold codes set it to 1

  * to use folding codes you need to have ''g:dokuwiki_enable_fold = 1''

===g:dokuwiki_enable_set_fold_text===

<code vim>
let g:dokuwiki_enable_set_fold_text = 1
</code>

use internal function for foldtext

see: '':help foldtext'' for more info

  * foldtext => expression used to display the text of a closed fold

====Mappings====

to use I recommend adding some mappings. I didn't add any mappings automatically
so you can ue our own, you can even not use any mapping and enter commands
directly

===DokuWikiOpen===

<code vim>
nnoremap <leader>ww :DokuWikiOpen<CR>
</code>

open wiki root dir with ''g:dokuwiki_file_browser_plugin''

to use it as command enter this

<code vim>
:DokuWikiOpen
</code>

==leader==

the default value for leader is \

  * so <leader>ww means \ww
see '':help leader'' for more info


===DokuWikiOpenIndex===

<code vim>
nnoremap <leader>wi :DokuWikiOpenIndex<CR>
</code>

open wiki root file in current buffer

to use it as command enter this

<code vim>
:DokuWikiOpenIndex
</code>

=====Syntax=====

this plugin uses dokuwiki syntax for highlighting text
read dokuwiki syntax documentions for learning it!

[[www.dokuwiki.org/syntax|Dokuwiki Syntax]]

=====help=====

if you want help me just contact me.

this plugin is the the beginning and need many more options
